Hello, my name is Ubaldo Acosta. I hope
you're ready to begin. Let's review the
general agenda of the HTML CSS and
JavaScript course. Are you ready? let's
begin. Starting: Introduction to HTML. In
this section we'll explain an introduction
to HTML.
We'll also carry out the installation of
the tools that we'll use throughout the
course, and we'll create the first Hello
World with HTML project. Knowing the basis:
HTML Components. In this section we'll
review several of the most common
elements that we will use when using
HTML: text components, lists, hyperlinks,
inclusion of images, among several other
components. We'll create several exercises
to put into practice each of these
concepts. Knowing the Styles: Introduction
to CSS. We'll review an introduction to CSS
(Cascade Style Sheet). We'll also review
the concept of DOM (Document Object Model)
to understand how CSS Styles work. We'll
create an exercise to start with the use
of CSS Styles. Applying Design: Use of CSS
Styles. In this section we'll review the
types of selectors we have in CSS and
create an exercise to understand these
concepts. Combining Technologies. Tables
and Forms with HTML and CSS. In this
session we'll use tables in HTML as well
as define what an HTML form is and we'll
apply CSS styles to these forms to
beautify them. We'll create several
exercises to put this concept into
practice. Knowing JS: Introduction to
JavaScript. We'll study an introduction to
JavaScript. We'll see the utilities of
this language, as well as the scope of it
within the web pages. We'll also see the
role that JavaScript plays in an enterprise
application. We'll create an exercise to
see how to integrate JavaScript with our
HTML pages. Structuring our code.
Functions with JavaScript. We'll learn the
concept of functions with JavaScript at
the end JavaScript adds dynamism to our
HTML pages and this behavior will be
encapsulated in JavaScript functions
we'll do an exercise to put this concept
into practice. Combining technologies:
HTML CSS and JavaScript. We'll see how to
integrate the three HTML, CSS and
JavaScript technologies in a single
project. We'll create a form which
integrates the three technologies and at
the end of the exercise
we'll have integrated the three
technologies in a single project. Broadly
speaking, this is the general agenda of
the course of HTML CSS and JavaScript
These are just some of the many more
topics that we'll learn throughout this
course. So, if you're ready, let's begin :)